So let's go ahead
and practice integrating Lambda with EventBridge.
So I'm going to create a function
called lambda-demo-eventbridge.
Scroll down.
And for the runtime I will choose Python 3.9.
Then I will create this function
and will make sure this function is being invoked
by EventBridge.
So to do so, let's also explore the EventBridge console
while this function is being created.
So I'll go under Rules, and I need to create a new rule.
Now I'll call this one InvokeLambdaEveryMinute.
And we need to select an Event bus,
we'll have the default Event bus.
And here we have two options.
The first one is to use a rule with an event pattern.
And this is when you want to
match events happening within AWS.
For example, code get committed to code commit
or an EC2 instance get terminated,
these kind of things.
And we won't go through this, we'll keep it simple.
We'll use Schedule.
And as you can see if you use Schedule,
it prompts you to go to EventBridge Scheduler,
which you can play with in your own time
and it's a fun exercise to do,
but right now I'm going to click on the bottom left
to continue to create rule
because this will create a rule
as an EventBridge rule and not as an EventBridge Scheduler.
But capability-wise, we are doing the exact same thing.
But let's click on Continue to create rule
because I wanna show you something specific
around resource policies.
So here we define the schedule pattern.
Do we want a Cron expression
or do we want to have a schedule
that is being run regularly?
And I want my schedule to be run every one minute.
I click on Next.
And next we have to choose a target of our rule.
So the target of our rule has to be Lambda, of course.
So I'll choose a Lambda function.
And here I will choose my lambda-demo-eventbridge.
We can configure a specific version in areas
if you wanted to, as well as additional settings
around dead-letter queues and max attempts and so on.
So this is going to invoke my Lambda function.
And as you can see here,
EventBridge will automatically configure
the proper permissions for the selected targets.
And we'll see this in a moment as well.
So let's click on Next.
Next.
And we are good to go.
So let's create this rule.
So now my Invoke Lambda Every Minute rule is created.
And if I go back to Lambda, as you can see right now,
there is no triggers on the left-hand side.
But if I decide to refresh this page,
now we have EventBridge as a source to my Lambda function.
If I click on it, as you can see,
we have the trigger right here,
which corresponds to the rule I have created
which is of the rate one minute.
So how does this EventBridge rule invoke Lambda function?
Well, if you go under permissions now,
and we look at the resource-based policy statements,
there is a statement that get added,
and I click on view policy.
And if you have a look at this statement,
it says allow the principle being the EventBridge service
to invoke our Lambda function.
And the resource ARN has to be our Lambda-demo-eventbridge
which is very same function.
And then the condition is for the ARN to be like,
and this is for the source ARN,
to be like the ARN of a rule on EventBridge,
meaning that only our EventBridge rule
has the right to invoke our Lambda function,
which is what we want.
So that's perfect.
So because we have a rate of one minute
and I've been most likely talking for one minute,
we can go under Monitor and look at the logs
and the invocations.
Now there's a chance that we don't see anything right here
because it's too early,
but if I click on View CloudWatch logs
I am taken directly into the CloudWatch console,
and from there I should be seeing some invocations.
So yes, we are in the log group Lambda-demo-eventbridge.
I scroll down, I have a log stream,
and right now I see my Lambda function is being invoked.
Now I'm going to make it a little bit more interesting.
Under the code in here, I'm going to print the events,
which is going to print what is going to be
sent to our Lambda function.
So I deploy this and it's going to update my function.
And now I just need to wait another minute
to see some events in my log.
So now it's been over a minute.
And if I go into here and refresh my log,
and actually we need to have a new log stream
because we really put the function.
So I go one level up and choose the latest log stream.
Now I see that in my log.
The event gets printed to the console.
So we see version zero.
This is the idea of the event.
The detail type is that it's a schedule event.
The source is aws.events.
Here is my accounts.
Here's the time.
Here's the region that this got invoked in.
And here's the resources that invoked our Lambda function.
And for detail, we have nothing
because we haven't provided any specific JSON.
But as you can see, we now have some information
around this invocation and everything is working.
So to just stop this hands-on,
just make sure to disable your rule
and you'll be good to go.
Okay, so let's it
we've seen how to integrate Lambda with EventBridge.
I hope you liked it and I will see you in the next lecture.